202212161121
Status: #idea
Tags: #work 

# 12-16-2022
F5: Richard
GSS: Nate

- Blane will pass control of some meeting invites off to Richard
- Richard plans to make agendas for these meetings
- Desire to maintain the standards of integration
- Ensure we're using the meetings to discuss interface changes
- Discuss interface changes, schedule them out so both sides can plan accordingly

# TODO:
- [x] Anyone need/want a different time?
- [x] Clarify the lines of communication regarding Blane and Richard
- [x] Get a sense of the general timeline for the AIS rollout
- [x] Make a plan for how we release breaking changes
- [x] Richard and Ron on the OPT Teams board
- [x] Figure out what Parker meant by sending a C++ file? 
- [ ] Have a conversation with Parker about analog vs. digital types. There are some things that are typed as analogs, but seem to indicate boolean logic

